dasharo_tools_suite.md: add information about method of disabling Secure Boot (#266)
Dasharo/docs: docs/common-coreboot-docs/dasharo_tools_suite.md

* in the Network Boot menu, select the `Dasharo Tools Suite` option,
* the DTS menu will now appear.

> ## Common requirements - disabling Secure Boot

Reviewer: @sulewskiprzemyslaw on booting requirements we say that disabling Secure Boot is needed (here https://github.com/Dasharo/docs/blob/master/docs/common-coreboot-docs/dasharo_tools_suite.md#requirements and here https://github.com/Dasharo/docs/blob/master/docs/common-coreboot-docs/dasharo_tools_suite.md#requirements-1) Lets add link to this section there.

Author: OK, link has just been added

Any procedure which affects the firmware should be preceded by controlling
the Secure Boot status and if it is turned on, turning it off. The enabled

> Secure boot will not only prevent you f rom operating on the firmware, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secure Boot will not only prevent you from operating on the firmware, but
```

Author: improved

you will also not be able to launch DTS.

To check the Secure Boot state:

1. Turn off the station, on which you want to test the Dasharo firmware.
1. Turn the station on and go to the next step immediately.
1. Hold the `BIOS SETUP KEY` to enter the `BIOS MENU`.

> 1. Enter the `Administer Secure Boot` menu using the arrow keys and Enter.

Reviewer: @sulewskiprzemyslaw it is called this way on NV41xx? What if we use other stock fw on different machine? Maybe lets say here that we need to localize option for Secure Boot.

Author: @TomaszAIR improved. I changed this point to: `Localise and enter the Secure Boot menu using the arrow keys and Enter`

1. Verify that the `Secure Boot Status` field says `Disabled` - if not,
  deselect the `Enforce Secure Boot` option using the arrow keys and Enter.
1. Change the setting of Secure Boot to `Disabled` and press Enter.
1. Press the `F10` key to open the dialog box.

> 1. Press `Enter` to confirm changes and exit f rom the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press `Enter` to confirm changes and exit from the menu.
```

Author: improved
